ReadMe.md, before:

# Chat with the bot example

```
           PythonBot  ::  Hello
                User  ::  repos at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at DeveloperHacker: 2DEngine, ControllerOfControllers, egestats, GitBot, IrcBot, LispToSecd, Multimap, Prototype, SECD, Snake, Utils
                User  ::  repos at ajsgfajgfsjhgasf
           PythonBot  ::  User with login of "ajsgfajgfsjhgasf" not found
                User  ::  count the private gists at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  private gists at DeveloperHacker: "Access closed"
                User  ::  login me
           PythonBot  ::  login:
                User  ::  developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  password:
                User  ::  ********************
     DeveloperHacker  ::  repos at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at DeveloperHacker: 2DEngine, ControllerOfControllers, egestats, GitBot, IrcBot, LispToSecd, Multimap, Prototype, SECD, Snake, Utils, SysKotlin
     DeveloperHacker  ::  the avatar url
           PythonBot  ::  avatar url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/11194423?v=3
     DeveloperHacker  ::  show the repos and orgs url at developerhacker and AndreiChugunov and the avatar url at saloed. Count the private gists at Saloed
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at DeveloperHacker: 2DEngine, ControllerOfControllers, egestats, GitBot, IrcBot, LispToSecd, Multimap, Prototype, SECD, Snake, Utils, SysKotlin
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at AndreiChugunov: Geometry, MyAndroidSnake, RBTree
           PythonBot  ::  organisations url at DeveloperHacker: https://api.github.com/users/DeveloperHacker/orgs
           PythonBot  ::  organisations url at AndreiChugunov: https://api.github.com/users/AndreiChugunov/orgs
           PythonBot  ::  avatar url at Saloed: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/8640896?v=3
           PythonBot  ::  private gists at Saloed: "Access closed"
     DeveloperHacker  ::  login me
           PythonBot  ::  you need to log out before you login again
     DeveloperHacker  ::  unlogin me
                User  ::  login me
           PythonBot  ::  login:
                User  ::  adssadasd
           PythonBot  ::  password:
                User  ::  ********************
           PythonBot  ::  Incorrect input: login or password
                User  ::  name at developerhacker
                User  ::  show the name at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  name at DeveloperHacker: Sergei
                User  ::  the name at Saloed
           PythonBot  ::  name at Saloed: "Access closed"
                User  ::  disconnect
           PythonBot  ::  Bye

Process finished with exit code 0
```

Commit message:

Added: store function ToDo: access interface for stored repos and gists.

ReadMe.md, after:

# Chat with the bot example

```
           PythonBot  ::  Hello
                User  ::  repos at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at DeveloperHacker: 2DEngine, ControllerOfControllers, egestats, GitBot, IrcBot, LispToSecd, Multimap, Prototype, SECD, Snake, Utils
                User  ::  repos at ajsgfajgfsjhgasf
           PythonBot  ::  User with login of "ajsgfajgfsjhgasf" not found
                User  ::  count the private gists at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  private gists at DeveloperHacker: "Access closed"
                User  ::  login me
           PythonBot  ::  login:
                User  ::  developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  password:
                User  ::  ********************
     DeveloperHacker  ::  repos at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at DeveloperHacker: 2DEngine, ControllerOfControllers, egestats, GitBot, IrcBot, LispToSecd, Multimap, Prototype, SECD, Snake, Utils, SysKotlin
     DeveloperHacker  ::  the avatar url
           PythonBot  ::  avatar url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/11194423?v=3
     DeveloperHacker  ::  store a user with the name aezakme
           PythonBot  ::  I remember it
     DeveloperHacker  ::  a name for this user
           PythonBot  ::  name at Aezakme: Kirill 
     DeveloperHacker  ::  show the repos and orgs url at developerhacker and AndreiChugunov, and the avatar url at saloed, and name at this user and developerhacker. Count the public repos at Saloed
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at DeveloperHacker: 2DEngine, ControllerOfControllers, egestats, GitBot, IrcBot, LispToSecd, Multimap, Prototype, SECD, Snake, Utils, SysKotlin
           PythonBot  ::  repositories at AndreiChugunov: Geometry, MyAndroidSnake, RBTree
           PythonBot  ::  organisations url at DeveloperHacker: https://api.github.com/users/DeveloperHacker/orgs
           PythonBot  ::  organisations url at AndreiChugunov: https://api.github.com/users/AndreiChugunov/orgs
           PythonBot  ::  avatar url at Saloed: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/8640896?v=3
           PythonBot  ::  name at Aezakme: Kirill
           PythonBot  ::  name at DeveloperHacker: Sergei
           PythonBot  ::  public repositories at Saloed: 8
     DeveloperHacker  ::  remember me
           PythonBot  ::  I remember it
     DeveloperHacker  ::  show a name at this user
           PythonBot  ::  name at DeveloperHacker: Sergei
     DeveloperHacker  ::  login me
           PythonBot  ::  you need to log out before you login again
     DeveloperHacker  ::  unlogin me
                User  ::  login me
           PythonBot  ::  login:
                User  ::  adssadasd
           PythonBot  ::  password:
                User  ::  ********************
           PythonBot  ::  Incorrect input: login or password
                User  ::  name at developerhacker
                User  ::  show the name at developerhacker
           PythonBot  ::  name at DeveloperHacker: Sergei
                User  ::  the name at Saloed
           PythonBot  ::  name at Saloed: "Access closed"
                User  ::  disconnect
           PythonBot  ::  Bye

Process finished with exit code 0
```
